ONE Every morning I wake up and I tell myself this: Its just one
day, one twenty-four-hour period to get yourself through. I dont
know when exactly I started giving myself this daily pep talkor
why. It sounds like a twelve-step mantra and Im not in Anything
Anonymous, though to read some of the crap they write about me,
youd think I should be. I have the kind of life a lot of people
would probably sell a kidney to just experience a bit of. But
still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a
day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, Ill get
through today. This morning, after my daily prodding, I glance
at the minimalist digital clock on the hotel nightstand. It reads
11:47, positively crack-of-dawn for me. But the front desk has
already rang with two wake-up calls, followed by a
polite-but-firm buzz from our manager, Aldous. Today might be
just one day, but its packed. Im due at the studio to lay down a
few final guitar tracks for some Internet-only version of the
first single of our just-released album. Such a gimmick. Same
song, new guitar track, some vocal effects, pay an extra buck for
it. These days, youve gotta milk a dollar out of every dime, the
suits at the label are so fond of reminding us. After the
studio, I have a lunch interview with some reporter from Shuffle.
Those two events are kinda like the bookends of what my life has
become: making the music, which I like, and talking about making
the music, which I loathe. But theyre flip sides of the same
coin. When Aldous calls a second time I finally kick off the
duvet and grab the prescription bottle from the side table. Its
some anti-anxiety thing Im supposed to take when Im feeling
jittery. Jittery is how I normally feel. Jittery Ive gotten used
to. But ever since we kicked off our tour with three shows at